One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed , a Sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the Afro-Arab Abbala tribes of the northern Rizeigat region in Sudan .
Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city .
The tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and , holding it to the ball .
Following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo -LRB- a small drum that makes almost no sound -RRB- .
Alessandro -LRB- born 8 November , 1942 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
For example , King Bhumibol was born on Monday , so on his birthday throughout Thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
She performed for President Reagan in 1988 's Great Performances at the White House series .
In architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays .
Fearing that Drek will destroy the galaxy , Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark .
He is also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center .
By early on September 30 , wind shear began to reduce and a weakening trend began .
Each entry has a datum -LRB- a nugget of data -RRB- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
Ryan Prosser -LRB- born July 10 , 1988 in LOCATION@1 , LOCATION@2 -RRB- is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris .
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign .
Giardia lamblia -LRB- synonymous with Lamblia intestinalis and Giardia duodenalis -RRB- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that infects .
After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory .
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 .
The Apostolic Tradition , attributed to the theologian Hippolytus , attests the singing of Hallel psalms .
In return , Rollo swore fealty to Charles , converted to Christianity .
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucus .
If there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road .
George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George , Elector of Hanover .
Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so .
It will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed .
Today , Landis ' father has become a supporter of his son .
Convinced that the grounds were haunted , they decided to publish their findings in a book An Adventure -LRB- 1911 -RRB- .
He settled in London , devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching .
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection .
Johan was also the first bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall .
The story was the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defies that law .
The wave traveled across the Atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti on September 13 .
Finally in 1482 the Order dispatched him to Florence .
He died on May 29 , 1518 in Madrid , Spain .
This was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
Cogeneration -LRB- also combined heat and power , CHP -RRB- is the use of a heat engine .
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account .
He is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar .
A few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments .
He came from a musical family , LaRue , who was an administrative assistant and singer .
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb .
This was because Messiaen died , and Yvonne Loriod went to the final movement .
However travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle .
He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal .
Britpop began from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s .
The Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines .
The lawyer , Brandon , became his idol .
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries .
Captain Caleb Holt -LRB- Kirk Cameron -RRB- is a firefighter in Albany , Georgia .
Loèche harbours harbours the installations of Onyx , the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
A matchbook is a small cardboard container .
Defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the Commune .
Samovar & Porter -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , p 84 Syrians did not live in urban areas ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with Americans on a daily basis .
During childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice , she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer -LRB- Australian National University -RRB- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable .
Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
Bankers from ShoreBank , a community development bank in Chicago , helped Yunus with the official incorporation of the bank .
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial , but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
Nupedia was founded on March 9 , 2000 .
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
West Berlin had its own postal administration , separate from West Germany 's .
At four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years .
Events July 29 - Battle of Stiklestad -LRB- Norway -RRB- .
Others have thought that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD .
Instead , the crew made a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the '' hovercraft '' .
Meowth Land is a platform game made by ORGANIZATION@1 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment series .
Mercury is similar in appearance to the Moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains .
After the Sena dynasty , Dhaka was ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors .
Together they formed New Music Manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5 .
In other developments , both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway .
In April 2000 , MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive free software licence .
The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white .
The Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise , as symbolized by its symbol .
The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified .
The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles .
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp .
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the medieval musical form of Geisslerlieder .
The term '' protein '' itself was coined by Berzelius , after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula .
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet .
Google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and their site .
Getting to the college , where they are carefully internally audited and require official papers before being altered .
The book , Political Economy , was published in 1985 .
He went with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in the Soviet Union .
Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at Ulm .
Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman .
His real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
During an interview , Edward Gorey said that Bawden was one of his favorite artists .
The string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes .
