One side of the armed conflicts is mainly composed of the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed. The Janjaweed is a Sudanese militia group, mostly recruited from the Abbala Afro-Arab tribes of the Rizeigat northern region in Sudan.
Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, which, able bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once, in their lifetime. Mecca is Islam's most holy city.
The tarantula is the trickster character. The tarantula spun a black cord. Attaching it to the ball, the tarantula crawled away fast, to the east. The tarantula pulled on the cord, with all of his strength.
Dancers, which, play the sogo, often, are following the drummers. The sogo is a tiny drum, which, makes almost no sound. The dancers tend to have more elaborate, even acrobatic choreography.
Mazzola is a former Italian football player.
For example, king Bhumibol was born, on Monday. So, on his birthday throughout, Thailand will be decorated, with yellow color.
She performed in 1988's Great Performances, at the White House series, for president Reagan. The series aired on the Public broadcasting service.
In architectural decoration, small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays. The mosaics and ilays have been used to decorate walls, furniture, and boxes.
Clank fears that Drek will destroy the galaxy. Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero, Captain Qwark, in an effort to stop Drek.
He advocates applying a user centered design process, in product development cycles. Also, he works towards popularizing interaction design, as a mainstream discipline.
Minor formal planet designations are number name combinations, overseen by the Minor Planet Center. The Minor Planet Center is a branch of the IAU.
By early on September thirtieth, wind shear began to increase dramatically. A weakenning trend began.
Each entry has a datum (a nugget of data). A datum is a copy of the data in some backing store.
Ryan Prosser born ten, July 1988. Prosser is a professional rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.
Their granddaughter, Hélène Langevin-Joliot, is a professor of nuclear physics, at the university of Paris. Their grandson, Pierre Joliot, is a noted biochemist. Joliot was named after Pierre Curie.
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign. Vast quantities were printed.
Giardia Lamblia synonymous with Lamblia Intestinalis and Giardia Duodenalis is a flagellated protozoan parasite. The parasite colonizes, and reproduces, in, the small intestine. The parasite causes Giardiasis.
After graduation, he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory. Later, he was appointed artistic director of the Armenian Philarmonic orchestra.
Stephen P. Synnott discovered it, in images from the Voyager one space probe, taken on March fifth 1979, while orbitting around Jupiter.
The Apostolic Tradition is attributed to the theologian Hippolytus. The Tradition attests the singing of Hallel psalms with Alleluia, in early Christian agape feasts as the refrain.
In return, Rollo swore fealty to Charles converted to Christianity. Rollo undertook to defend the northern region of France, against the incursions of other Viking groups.
The tongue is sticky, because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous. The mucous lubricates movement in, and out of the snout. The mucous helps to catch ants and termites that, adhere to it.
If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built, along a bypass. The buildings converted it, into an ordinary town road. The bypass may become as congested as the local streets, which, it was intended to avoid, eventually.
Also, George Frideric Handel served as Kapellmeister, for George. Kapellmeister is Elector of Hanover. Kapellmeister became George I of Great Britain, eventually.
Aliteracy is spelled alliteracy, sometimes. Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being un-interested in doing.
In order to digest its food, it will then dislodge itself, and sink back to the river bed. It will wait for its next meal.
Today. Landis's father has become a hearty supporter of his son. Landis's father regards himself as one of Floyd's biggest fans.
They are convinced that the grounds were haunted. They decided to publish their findings under the pseudonyms of Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont, in a book, An Adventure (1911).
He settled in London. He devoted himself, chiefly to practical teaching.
The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection. The depression dissipated the next day over Brazil where it caused heavy rains and flooding.
Also, Johan was the original bassist of the Swedish powerred metal band, HammerFall. But Johan quit before the band ever released a studio album.
When he defies that law, impetuously, shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion. He initiates a chain of events, which, leads to the destruction of his colony's home, inadvertently. The chain forces their premature migration and his separation, from them.
The wave traveled across the Atlantic. The wave organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of Haiti, on September thirteenth.
Finally, in 1482, the order dispatched him, to Florence. Florence is the city of his destiny.
He died in Madrid Spain, on May 29 1518. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey demonstrated this in the Miller Urey experiment, in 1953.
Cogeneration is also combined heat and power, CHP. Cogeneration is the use of a heat engine or a power station, to generate electricity and useful heat, simultaneously.
Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account. 
Usually, he is portrayed as being bald with long whiskers. He is said to be an incarnation of the Southern Polestar.
A few animals have chromatic response. The animals change color, in changing environments, either seasonally ermine, snowshoe hare, or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument, the cephalopod family.
He came from a musical family. His mother, LaRue, was an administrative assistant and singer. His father, Keith Brion, was a band director at Yale.
MacGruber starts asking for simple objects, to make something to defuse the bomb. But he is later distracted by something usually involving his personal life, which, makes him run out of time.
This was complete, when Messiaen died, substantially. Yvonne Loriod undertook the final movement's orchestration with advice from George Benjamin.
However, travel through very remote areas on isolated tracks requires advance planning and a suitable reliable vehicle. A vehicle is usually a four wheeled drive.
Because he has to leave for rehearsal, he excuses himself. He and doctor Schön leave.
Britpop emerged from the independent British music scene of the early 1990s. Britpop was characterized by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s.
The Sheppard line has fewer users than the two other subway lines, currently. Shorter trains are run.
MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.
Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries, see below. But Christian mainstream bodies rejected all .
Holt keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, firmly.
Loèche harbors the installations of Onyx. Onyx is the Swiss conception system for electronic intelligence gathering.
A matchbook is a small cardboard folder (matchcover). A matchbook encloses a quantity of matches. A matchbook has a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
She vowed to never renounce the commune. She dared the judges to sentence her to death. 
Syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves. Many of the immigrants, which, had worked, as peddlers, were able to interact with Americans, on a daily basis.
During childhood, she suffered from collapsed lungs, twice. She had pneumonia  four to five times a year, a ruptured appendix. She had a tonsillar cyst.
Doctor David Lindenmeyer is national Australian university. Lindenmeyer has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable for conserving hollow dependent species like Leadbeater's possum.
Small value inductors were built, on integrated circuits. The inductors use the same processes, which, are used to make transistors.
The amount of useful work, accomplished by a computer system, compared to the used time and resources, characterizes computer performance.
Bankers from ShoreBank helped Yunus, under a grant from the Ford foundation, with the official fusion of the bank. ShoreBank is a community development bank in Chicago.
Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial. But Bremer claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
Nupedia was founded on March ninth 2000, under the ownership of Bomis Inc. Bomis Inc is a web portal company.
Physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig proposed the quark model, independently, in 1964.
West, Berlin had its own postal administration separate from West Germany's. The administration issued its own postage stamps, until 1990.
At four and a half years old, he was left to fend for himself, on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years. She lived in various orphanages. She roved through towns, with groups of other homeless children.
Haraldsson is killed in the battle.
Others have theorized that the NKVD eliminated Tresca, as retribution for criticism of the Stalin regime of the Soviet Union. 
The crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm, attached to the hovercraft. While riding up Templin Highway, north of Santa Clarita, the crew shot the scene. 
The Wario Land series is a performing series that, started with Wario Land, : Super Mario Land three. Wario Land is a spinoff of the Super Mario land series.
Mercury is similar, in appearance, to the moon. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains. It has no natural satellites and no substantial atmosphere.
The governors Turkish, and Afghan, descending from the Delhi Sultanate, before the arrival of the Mughals after the Sena dynasty, ruled Dhaka, successively, in 1608.
Together they formed New Music Manchester. New Music Manchester is a group committed to contemporary music.
Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain, on October fifth. The rain caused localized accumulation of flood waters.
In other developments, both Iceland and Greenland accepted the overlordship of Norway. But Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion. Scotland broker a favorable peace settlement.
In April 2000, MINIX became free and open source software under a free permissive software license. But by this time, other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities. It remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists.
The body color varies from medium brown to goldish to beige-white. Occasionally, the body is marked, with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
As symbolized by its thistle logo, the Britannica primarily was a Scottish enterprise. The logo is the floral emblem of Scotland.
The warning, issued on September 22, covered the area. As Jose intensified, the area was extended, southwards, before being canceled, soon, after landfall, on September 23.
The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles. The latter can help historians imagine what the film may have been like.
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp. Ned and Dan ordered them to surrender.
Civil unrest in northern Italy spawns the musical medieval form of Geisslerlieder. Geisslerlieder is penitential songs sung by wandering bands of Flagellants.
Berzelius coined the term of protein itself after Mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the empirical same formula, and might be composed of a single type of large very molecule.
It is located on an old portage trail. The trail led west, through the mountains to Unalakleet.
Google made the comic available, subsequently, on Google books and their site. Google mentioned it on its official blog, along with an explanation for the early release.
Anybody may register a pedigree with the college, where they are audited, carefully, internally.
The book, Political Economy, was published, in 1985. But the book had limited classroom adoption.
He toured with concerts in Moscow and Leningrad, for their first ever performance in the Soviet Union, with the IPO in the spring of 1990. He toured again, with the IPO in 1994. He performed in China and India.
Napoleonic Wars, : General Austrian Mack surrenders his army, to the grand army of Napoleon at Ulm. Mack reaps Napoleon, over 30,000 prisoners and inflicting 10,000 casualties on the losers.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
His real date of birth was never recorded. But it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939.
During an interview, Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists. Gorey lamented the fact that not many people remembered, or knew about this fine artist.
Just as a guitar string can produce different notes, the string can vibrate in different modes. Every mode appears as a different particle: electron, photon, gluon, etc.